Hello everyone, and welcome to
the fourth course of our
self-driving car specialization.
In this course,
we're going to focus
on motion planning problems,
as well as some of the techniques
we can use to solve them.
At a very high level,
the motion planning problem is
the task of generating
the path and
velocities required to get
the autonomous car from
point A to point B.
To do this, we will
require the perception and
sensing information we
described in previous courses.
As motion planning requires
having knowledge of
the surrounding cars,
pedestrians, and other obstacles
in the environment.
Because of the complexity
of the problem,
it is common to decompose
the planning problem into
smaller sub-problems.
In this course, we will focus on
three-stage hierarchy
of mission planning,
which involves map level
navigation which you are likely
familiar with from planning trips
with online mapping tools,
behavior planning which ensures
our driving behavior follows
the rules of the road,
and local planning which ensures
our paths are smooth
and collision-free.
Once we've introduced the
motion planning problem
as well as our planning
hierarchy in module one,
we will focus on methods
to solve each of
the planning
sub-problems throughout
the rest of the course.
In module two, we will discuss
mapping in the context
of autonomous driving,
as well as how we
represent static obstacles
that our planner must avoid
during the planning process.
Both of these maps are
necessary components for
generating a safe trajectory
for our autonomous vehicle.
Next, we will focus on mission
planning in module three,
which is the highest level part
of our planning problem.
We will use the maps
generated in module two,
to navigate as efficiently
as possible to our destination.
Moving to module four,
we will focus on how the
autonomous vehicle interacts
with other moving agents
in the driving scene,
which is a complex task
that is essential to
ensuring safety during
the planning process.
In module five, we will focus
on the sub-problem of
behavioral planning,
which is the task of determining
which behaviors the autonomous
vehicle should exhibit,
depending on the vehicles
surrounding environment.
From here, we will move to
local planning in module six.
Where we introduce
a reactive planner
to generate trajectories
for a bicycle model,
which we introduced
in course one.
Finally, in module seven,
we conclude by creating
a decoupled path planner and
velocity profile generator that
builds upon our reactive planner.
It can generate paths
and velocity profiles,
that can be used by
an autonomous vehicle
for on-road driving.
Throughout this course,
we will be giving
you assignments that will test
your ability to implement
the sub-components of
our hierarchical motion planner.
This will give you
the hands-on experience
required to develop
a fully integrated
motion planning system
in the final course project.
Where you will develop
a full motion planning system
in the Carlos simulator.
I hope you're as excited as I am
to dive into the
motion planning problem.
So let's get started.